feat!: enhance ContactCallback process (#1547)
flame-engine/flame: doc/other_modules/forge2d.md

## Contact callbacks

`Forge2DGame` provides a simple out of the box solution to propagate

> contact events.

Reviewer: A bit more explanation of what a contact event is would be good

> contact events.

Reviewer: The second comment here wasn't resolved I think?

> contact events.

Author: @spydon true that was because I messaged you off-github, about future plans.

> contact events.

Reviewer: I think just a sentence would be good to have here (right after the first sentence) explaining it? And then it can just be moved together with all the docs later. Since there will be people using these docs before the other docs are ready.

> There exist multiple ways to go around it. However, a common approach is

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to go around it. However, a common approach is
```

to mix a `BodyComponent` with `ContactCallbacks`.

```dart
class Ball extends BodyComponent with ContactCallbacks {
  ...
  void beginContact(Object other, Contact contact) {
    if (other is Wall) {
      // Do something here.
    }
  }
  ...
}
```

> In order for the above to work, the Ball's `userData` must be set to a `ContactCallback`. And if `Wall` is a `BodyComponent` the `userData` must be set to `Wall`. By default `userData` is `null`, and when so, contact events are ignored.

Reviewer: It's not the components userdata that must be set, it's the body or fixture.

A convinient way of setting `userData` is to assign it when creating the body. For example:

```dart
class Ball extends BodyComponent with ContactCallbacks {
  ...

  @override
  Body createBody() {
    ...
    final bodyDef = BodyDef(
      userData = this,
    );
    ...
  }

}
```

> Every time `Ball` and `Wall` get in contact `begin` will be called, and once the objects stops being in contact `end` will be called.

Reviewer: Too long line

## Contact callbacks

`Forge2DGame` provides a simple out of the box solution to propagate
contact events.

There are multiple ways to go around it. However, a common approach is
to mix a `BodyComponent` with `ContactCallbacks`.

```dart
class Ball extends BodyComponent with ContactCallbacks {
  ...
  void beginContact(Object other, Contact contact) {
    if (other is Wall) {
      // Do something here.
    }
  }
  ...
}
```

> In order for the above to work, the Ball's `userData` must be set to a `ContactCallback`. And if

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

In order for the above to work, the Ball's `userData` must be set to a `ContactCallback`. And if
```

`Wall` is a `BodyComponent` its `body.userData` or contacting `fixture.userData` must be set to
`Wall`. 

> By default `userData` is `null`, and when so, contact events are ignored.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If `userData` is `null` the contact events are ignored, it is set to `null` by default.
```

Reads a bit nicer

A convinient way of setting `userData` is to assign it when creating the body. For example:

```dart
class Ball extends BodyComponent with ContactCallbacks {
  ...

  @override
  Body createBody() {
    ...
    final bodyDef = BodyDef(
      userData = this,
    );
    ...
  }

}
```

> Every time `Ball` and `Wall` get in contact `begin` will be called, and once the objects stops

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Every time `Ball` and `Wall` get in contact `beginContact` will be called, and once the objects stops
```

> being in contact `end` will be called.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
being in contact `endContact` will be called.
```

## Contact callbacks

`Forge2DGame` provides a simple out of the box solution to propagate contact events.

> Contacts events occur whenever two `Fixture`s meet each other. These events allows listening when
> these `Fixture`s begin to overlap (`beginContact`) and cease overlapping (`endContact`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact events occur whenever two `Fixture`s meet each other. These events allows listening when
these `Fixture`s begin to come in contact (`beginContact`) and cease being in contact
(`endContact`).
```

Author: I prefer `overlap` since "sensors" don't actually contact. I believe the official Box2D documentation also uses "overlap".

Refer to: https://box2d.org/documentation/md__d_1__git_hub_box2d_docs_dynamics.html#autotoc_md107

Reviewer: I think it is grammatically correct to say that they do come in contact with each other still, even if it is an overlap when they do. Idk, but I think "coming in contact" is clearer to the user than overlap, even though that is what actually happens (even for solid bodies).

Author: Indeed, it depends on how technical and specific we want to be since we could say that there is always an overlap (AAAB).

Reviewer: I don't think that is needed on this level of documentation. There could be a section about the actual technical solution later if needed, but this should be user documentation so it should be as easy to understand as possible, while still being technically correct of course.

> There are multiple ways to go around it. However, a common approach is
> to mix a `BodyComponent` with `ContactCallbacks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways to listen to these events. One common way is to use the `ContactCallbacks`
class as a mixin in the `BodyComponent` where you are interested in these events.
```

```dart
class Ball extends BodyComponent with ContactCallbacks {
  ...
  void beginContact(Object other, Contact contact) {
    if (other is Wall) {
      // Do something here.
    }
  }
  ...
}
```

In order for the above to work, the `Ball`'s `body.userData` or contacting `fixture.userData` must be

> set to a `ContactCallback`. And if `Wall` is a `BodyComponent` its `body.userData` or contacting 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set to a `ContactCallback`. So if `Wall` is a `BodyComponent` its `body.userData` or contacting 
```

`fixture.userData` must be set to `Wall`. 

> If `userData` is `null` the contact events are ignored, it is set to `null` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `userData` is `null` the contact events are ignored, it is `null` by default.
```

Author: (cc: @wolfenrain )

> A convinient way of setting `userData` is to assign it when creating the body. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A convenient way of setting `userData` is to assign it when creating the body. For example:
```

```dart
class Ball extends BodyComponent with ContactCallbacks {
  ...

  @override
  Body createBody() {
    ...
    final bodyDef = BodyDef(
      userData = this,
    );
    ...
  }

}
```

> Every time `Ball` and `Wall` begin to overlap `beginContact` will be called, and once the fixtures 
> stops cease to overlap `endContact` will be called.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every time `Ball` and `Wall` begin to come in contact `beginContact` will be called, and once the
fixtures cease being in contact, `endContact` will be called.
```

Author: Same as https://github.com/flame-engine/flame/pull/1547#discussion_r856123357
